GAD-NR: Graph Anomaly Detection via Neighborhood.Reconstruction. In (Under Review)., 12 pages. $15.00.
Semi-supervised Credit Card Fraud Detection via Attributes-Driven Graph Representation. Credit card fraud incurs a considerable cost for both card-holders and issuing banks. We propose a semi- supervised graph neural net-work for fraud detection. The result shows that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art baselines.
DEDGAT: Dual Embedding of Directed Graph Attention                Networks for Detecting Financial Risk. Jiafu Wu, Mufeng Yao, Mingmin Chi, Ruofan Wu, Xin Fu, Weiqiang Wang.
Detecting illicit nodes on blockchain networks is a valuable task for strengthening future regulation. Recent machine learning-based methods proposed to tackle the tasks are using a small portion of transaction datasets labeled positive and the rest unlabelled (PU) We discuss that the label mechanism assumption for the hidden positive labels, and its effect on the evaluation metrics, is worth considering.
Money laundering is an alarming problem globally. It causes approximately 1.6 Trillion USD corresponding to 2.7% of the global GDP is laundered every year. Despite tremendous efforts to AML only a tiny fraction of illicit activities is prevented. Existing approaches yield lower detection accuracy, making them less reliable.
Published as a conference paper at ICLR 2023. GNNS AFE has niceoretical properties that guarantee an overall distinguishable margin between the scores for in-distribution and OOD samples. It could be used as simple yet strong baselines.
Attacking Fake News Detectors via Manipulating News Social Engagement. In Proceedings of the ACM Web Conference 2023 (WWW’23), April 30-May 4, 2023, Austin, TX, USA, 9 pages.
Label Information Enhanced Fraud Detection against Low. Homophily in Graphs. In Proceedings of Conference (Conference ’23). ACM,New York, USA, 11-11-11. 2018.
Graph anomaly detection (GAD) suffers from heterophily — ab-normal nodes are sparse so that they are connected to vast nor-ophobicmal nodes. The current solutions blindly smooth the representation of neiboring nodes, thus undermining the discriminative information of the anomalies. We show that prediction errors are less likely to affect the identifica-reprehensible process.
Temporal Motifs for Financial Networks:                A Study on Mercari, JPMC, and Venmo Platforms                Penghang Liu1, Rupam Acharyya2*, Robert E. Tillman3†, Shunya Kimura4, Naoki Masuda5, 6,Ahmet Erdem Sarıy ¨uce1.
Evolve Path Tracer: Early Detection of Malicious Addresses in cryptocurrencies. In Proceedings of the 29th ACM SIGKDD Conference on Knowledge and Data Dis-covery (KDD ’23), August 6–10, 2023, Long Beach, USA.
RiskProp: Account Risk Rating on Ethereum via De-anonymousScore and Network Propagation. The account model is adopted on Ethereum, the second-largest market cap in the blockchain. The risk assessment by RiskProp can be used to provide warnings for investors.
